Take a drink young Skywalker
Stare off against the person to your left. Looser drinks
Name 5 Asian Countries or drink
Show everyone the last video you watched on youtube
The person opposite sends a message to someone on your phone
Correctly say the middle name of the person to your right or drink
Change the time on your phone/watch by an hour
Do 10 press ups
Take your shirt off
Sit on the next person's lap whilst they do their card
Sing the chorus to Jim Jim Falls and be slaughtered by Brandon
The next person to check their phone must drink
Arm wrestle with the person of your choice. Looser drinks
Make up a rule for the next round
Give out 2 sips
Chienese whispers. If you don't end up with the same word at the end, you start a waterfall
Catagories
Rhyme
Say the next day it will rain, if incorrect, take a drink.
Tell Jack to stop ignoring us and get off his phone
Boys drink
Girls drink
Straights drink
Non-straights drink
Pick the best looking person to drink or drink yourself if you wanna look vain
Give some of your drink to the person to your left
First person to guess your favourite colour gets to give out 2 sips
Thumb wrestle with a person of your choice. Winner gives out 2 sips
Rock, paper, sissors with the person to your right. Looser drinks. NOT BEST OF THREE
The person to your right gets to pick a new profile picture
Have a chat with your glass
Spin around 10 times
Stream on your most popular social media and please your viewers with some asmr of the bee movie script: Narrator:According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.(Barry is picking out a shirt)Barry:Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little.
The group can decide your discord status
If you laugh, it must be to the tune of Jessica J's Price Tag for the next few rounds
Swap an item of clothing with the person to your right
Yes No Game rules for the next three rounds. Every time they say yes or no, they drink.
Say the longest you have gone without a shower or drink
Truth or Dare
Who would win in a fight, the person to your left, or to your right? Winner drinks
Pick a person who. They have to drink as many times as they've had partners. Maximum 5
Compliment the person to your right. If they don't smile, you drink.
Name as many Arctic Monkeys Albums as you can, if someone can name more, you drink
Shout "Football's Coming Home"
Truth or Dare.
You are the question master for the next round
Waterfall