Show everyone the last video you watched on youtube
prsn sends a message to someone on your phone
Correctly say the middle name of prsn or drink
Change the time on your phone/watch by an hour
Take your shirt off
Sit on the next person's lap whilst they do their card
Sing the chorus to Jim Jim Falls and be slaughtered by Brandon
The next person to check their phone must drink
Guess the next day it will rain, if incorrect, take a drink.
Tell Jack to stop ignoring us and get off his phone
Pick the best looking person to drink or drink yourself if you wanna look vain
prsn gets to pick your new profile picture
Have a chat with your glass
Spin around 10 times
Stream on your most popular social media and please your viewers with some asmr of the bee movie script: Narrator:According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.(Barry is picking out a shirt)Barry:Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little.
The group can decide your discord status
If you laugh, it must be to the tune of Jessica J's Price Tag for the next few rounds
Swap an item of clothing with prsn
Say the longest you have gone without a shower or drink
Who would win in a fight, the person to your left, or to your right? Winner drinks
Pick someone. They have to drink as many times as they've had partners. Maximum 5
Compliment prsn. If they don't smile, you drink.
Name as many Arctic Monkeys Albums as you can, if someone can name more, you drink
Shout "Football's Coming Home"
Wear an item of clothing backwards
Youngest drinks
Oldest drinks
Vote for the most mature person. They get to choose who drinks
Show the last tab open on your browser
Everyone who's single drinks
All non-singles drink
Drink if you're drinking [beer,spirits,cider]
Do the alphabet backwards, if you mess up, drink twice. If you get it right, give out 3 sips.
Person with the highest coursework mark drinks
Name 3 cities in [France,Germany,Africa,Scotland,Italy,Spain,Wales,Ireland,Asia] or drink
Go around the room, naming keys on a standard keyboard excluding letters and numbers. First person to repeat or be incorrect drinks.
Call the [1st,2nd,3rd,4th,5th,6th,7th,8th] person in your contacts or drink
Talk in an accent decided by prsn for a round
Drink a shot of something decided by prsn
Take a sip for every item you're wearing on your wrist
Waterfall
Last person who ate drinks
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done whilst drunk
Drink if your name starts with the letter ["A" - "H","I" - "Z"]
Name what prsn is drinking or drink it
Drink if you play a musical instrument