Show everyone the last video you watched on youtube
prsn sends a message to someone on your phone
Correctly say the middle name of prsn or drink. If they don't have a middle name, that's not our fault - drink.
Remove an item of clothing for the next round
Persuade someone to sit on you or down your drink
Sit on the next person's lap whilst they do their card
Sing the chorus to Jim Jim Falls and be slaughtered by Brandon
The next person to check their phone must drink
Guess the next day it will rain, if incorrect, take a drink.
Tell Jack to stop ignoring us and get off his phone
Pick the best looking person to drink or drink yourself if you wanna look vain
prsn gets to pick your new profile picture
Have a chat with your glass
Spin around 10 times
Let the group decide your discord status
If you laugh, it must be to the tune of Jessica J's Price Tag for the next few rounds
Swap an item of clothing with prsn
Say the longest you have gone without a shower or drink
Who would win in a fight, the person to your left, or to your right? Winner drinks
Pick someone. They have to drink as many times as they've had partners. Maximum 5
Compliment prsn. If they don't smile, you drink.
Name as many [Arctic Monkeys,Radiohead,Adele,Beatles,Ed Sheeran,Oasis,Billie Eilish,Linkin Park,Blur,Elvis Presley,Nirvana] songs as you can, if someone can name more, you drink
Shout "Football's Coming Home"
Wear an item of clothing backwards
Youngest drinks
Oldest drinks
Show the last tab open on your browser
Everyone who's single drinks
All non-singles drink
Drink if you're drinking [beer,spirits,cider]
Do the alphabet backwards, if you mess up, drink twice. If you get it right, give out 3 sips.
Person with the highest mark of any coursework drinks
Name 3 cities in [France,Germany,Africa,Scotland,Italy,Spain,Wales,Ireland,Asia] or drink
Go around the room, naming keys on a standard keyboard excluding letters and numbers. First person to repeat or be incorrect drinks.
Call the [1st,2nd,3rd,4th,5th,6th,7th,8th] person in your contacts or drink
Talk in an accent decided by prsn for a round
Drink a shot of something decided by prsn
Take a sip for every item you're wearing on your wrist
Waterfall
Last person who ate drinks
Tell everyone the most embarrassing thing you've done whilst drunk
Drink if your name starts with the letter [A - H,I - Z]
Name what prsn is drinking or drink it
Drink if you [play a musical instrument,don't play a musical instrument]
Show this to the other players and walk out the room... Another person must be selected by the other players to stand up. Without looking, use your [hands,feet] to guess who the person standing up, if you do, everyone else drinks, if not, you drink!
Carry out an exercise routine whilst staring furiously at prsn
Imitate a [cow,chicken,frog,car,dog,cat,mentally unstable human being,]
Rank everyone's [hair,clothes,knees]
Get everyone to put their hand up if their favourite colour is [blue,purple,orange,red,green,yellow]. Everyone with their hand up drinks.
Swap drinks with prsn
You've got one minute to do an impression of [a cow,a pig,a cat,a dog,a giraffe,an elephant,a gorilla,a snake,a gangsta,a robot,a stripper,prsn]. If no one guesses what or who you are in that minute, drink.
If your drink is more than half full, fix that.
Go around the room naming the most disgusting thing you can think of. Choose the best and let them give out 3 sips.