Oh Oh Show everyone the last video you watched on youtube
Correctly say the middle name of prsn or drink. If they don't have a middle name, that's not our fault - drink.
Remove an item of clothing for the next round
Persuade someone to sit on you or down your drink
Sit on the next person's lap whilst they do their card
The next person to check their phone must drink
Pick the best looking person to drink or drink yourself if you wanna look vain
Have a chat with your glass
Spin around 10 times
Swap an item of clothing with prsn
Say the longest you have gone without a shower or drink
Who would win in a fight, the person to your left, or to your right? Winner drinks
Pick someone. They have to drink as many times as they've had partners. Maximum 5
Compliment prsn. If they don't smile or say thank you, they drink.
You and prsn must alternate naming as many [Arctic Monkeys,Radiohead,Adele,Beatles,Ed Sheeran,Oasis,Billie Eilish,Linkin Park,Blur,Elvis Presley,Nirvana] songs as you can, the first person to hesitate must drink.
Shout "Football's Coming Home"
Wear an item of clothing backwards
Choose someone to wear an item of clothing backwards (they can choose what they wear backwards)
Youngest drinks
Oldest drinks
All non-singles drink
Drink if you're drinking [beer,spirits,cider]
Do the alphabet backwards, if you mess up, drink twice. If you get it right, give out 3 sips.
Person with the highest mark of any coursework drinks
Name 3 cities in [France,Germany,Africa,Scotland,Italy,Spain,Wales,Ireland,Asia]. For every city you can't name (below 3), take a drink.
Go around the room, naming keys on a standard keyboard excluding letters and numbers. First person to repeat or be incorrect drinks.
Talk in an accent decided by prsn for a round
Drink a shot of something decided by prsn
Waterfall
Tell everyone the most embarrassing thing you've done whilst drunk
Drink if your name starts with the letter [A - H,I - Z]
Name what prsn is drinking or drink it
Drink if you [play a musical instrument,don't play a musical instrument]
Show this to the other players and walk out the room... Another person must be selected by the other players to stand up. Without looking, use your [hands,feet] to guess who the person standing up, if you do, everyone else drinks, if not, you drink!
Do ten sit-ups whilst staring furiously at prsn
Imitate a [sexy cow,depressed dog,horny cat,unenthusiastic bumble bee] until the next round
Rank everyone's [hair,clothes,knees,choice of drink]
Get everyone to put their hand up if their favourite colour is [blue,purple,orange,red,green,yellow]. Everyone with their hand [up,down] drinks.
Swap drinks with prsn
You've got one minute to do an impression of [Borris Johnson,Elvis,a dog,an elephant,a gorilla,a snake,a gangsta,a robot,a stripper,prsn]. If no one guesses what or who you are in that minute, drink.
If your drink is more than half full, fix that.
Go around the room naming the most disgusting thing you can think of. Choose the best and let them give out 3 sips.
Paranoia. Whisper a question to the person to your right where the answer has to be someone playing the game. They must answer by pointing at that person. If a player gets pointed at, they can take a drink if they want to know the question.
Tell a joke. If no one laughs or smiles, take a sip.
The floor is lava. If anyone touches the floor for the next round, they must drink.
Everyone drinks for as many [pericings,tatoos] they have.
Say what you fear most or take a drink.
Twins. Choose the two most similar looking people. They can both give out 3 sips.
Ask the person to your left a [science,geography,history] question. If they get the answer right, you must drink. If they answer incorrectly, they must drink.
Unattended liquids. The next person who wants to leave the room, must finish their drink first!
Make a drink for prsn. If they can guess what the drink is, you must finish it, otherwise they must.
Tell everyone your first impression of prsn.
SPECIAL: Waterfall relay
Name an artist you listen to as guilty pleaseure, or take a sip
Date or date? What have you had more recently, a date(fruit) or a date(juicy). Everyone votes, those in the minority drink!
Compliments? Say somethung about the person to your left that you're jealous about.