Name 5 [Asian,African,European,South American] countries or drink
Arm wrestle with the person of your choice. Loser drinks
Chinese whispers. If you don't end up with the same word at the end, you start a waterfall
First person to guess your favourite colour gets [to give out 2 sips,to skip drinking this round]
Thumb wrestle with a person of your choice. Winner gives out [2 sips,a no drink pass for the next round]
Forbid a word of your choice. If someone says it, they drink. (Lasts 2 rounds)
You are the question master for the next round (if anyone replies to your questions, they must drink)
Vote for the most [mature,childish,nerdy,judgemental,arrogant,selfish,selfless,loud] person. They drink.
The last person you talked to gets to give out [2 sips,1 sip].
Anyone wearing the colour [pink,blue,red,yellow,green,orange] drink
Name the current song playing or drink
For the next round, drink everytime prsn drinks. If this person is you, double up!
Congratulations? Drink immunity for the next round ... but you must down your drink now!
Stare off against prsn. Loser drinks
Everyone drinking from a [can,glass,bottle] drinks
SPECIAL: Mark a person. What happens with them will be decided at a later point...
Anyone here with a partner, drink
Ask [prsn,the person on your left,the person on your right] who the hottest character is in a film/tv series of your choice
Ask the group to name your favourite [music artist,tv show,film]. If anyone guesses correctly, drink. If no one does, everyone else drinks.
Create a new rule for the game.
Everyone who's single drinks
Act out a meme of your choice. If no one guesses it, everyone must drink.
Action mountain! Do an action. The person to your left must do the same action, plus one more. Keep going until someone forgets an action. They must take as many sips as actions.
Make a toast, drink and say cheers!
Everyone point at a player. The player with the most people pointing at them must drink that many times.
Take a selfie with prsn. The player voted to have the silliest face must give out 3 sips.
Choose the person with the best [smile,eyes,fashion choice,sense of humour,hair,music taste,taste in movies]. They must drink.
Fake heaven. Put your hand up and say "fake heaven". Any person to put their hand up must take 3 sips.
If you could spend a day as someone else in the room who would it be? Both of you do a shot!